for sealands to venture into deep water
here is very dangerous indeed it's much
safer to stay in the shallows if they
can
in one or two places channels enable the
whales to get really close to the beach
those are the danger spots
to get off the beach the killer has to
thrash its body
no other whale deliberately beaches
itself in this way or has perfected this
method of getting back to the sea
as long as the sea lions stay well up
the beach you might think they would be
safe but the hungry whales are very
daring
now several of the whales are hunting in
a group
that's mallanna's keeping just ahead of
one of the whales but was caught by
another it probably hadn't seen
this savage beating maybe two separate
hide from flesh
you